Last night I had a bad dream and woke up and immediately started telling 
my husband about it. I was in a rather mystical mood and was questioning 
why I had the nightmare I did. Then I remembered all the dream theories 
and tried to fit the pieces together. Among the ones I thought about 
and mentioned was Freud’s theory.

I then went on like a 25 minute rant to my husband about how Sigmund Freud 
was a raging cocaine addict who literally wrote an entire book on his 
love of cocaine and how he believed it was going to save the world. 
Apparently the king of intellectuals liked to party while studying 
the sex life of eels?


Mr. Eikrem is quite correct in his statements. I would add that, 
if you want to get a good sense of Freud’s personality, Peter Gay’s 
biography is sympathetic (perhaps a little too sympathetic) and 
comprehensive, as well as providing a remarkable look at the culture 
of Europe prior to WWI.

One of the most interesting things about Freud was his dogmatism. 
He held the attitude that he had invented psychoanalysis, which is 
at least in part true, and that any deviation from his system was 
both heresy and a personal insult. He broke at one point with nearly 
all of his close collaborators and friends. The breakup with Jung was 
particularly dramatic; it climaxed with a furious argument about the 
reality of the collective unconscious (after the publication of the 
first edition of Jung’s Symbols Of Transformation), during which Freud 
was so exercised that he fainted dead away.

Freud also (like Jung) was an avid scholar of ancient cultures. 
He collected Greek, Roman, Egyptian, and other artifacts; 
they can still be seen in his house in London, which is now a museum.

Sigmund Freud best known for? For being a ‘fraud’ - and this is a 
double answer. First, you are likely aware that all manner of 
(usually technocratic) ‘experts’ deem Freud to be a fraud. 
Second, if you yourself were a brilliantly insightful researcher, 
writer and theorists, and an untold number of charlatans considered 
you a ‘fraud’, you might consider that a kind of proof that your were 
in fact on the right track. Basically, those who deem Fraud a ‘fraud’ 
(or any other of the numerous dismissive epithets) deny the role and 
power of the unconscious in human individual behavior, culture, and 
society. So, to conclude, Sigmund Freud is best known for positing 
the enormous influence of the unconscious in those three domains.



Anxiety and anxiety disorders:

Indivisualistic and collective socities differentiation

+ Presentations :


abnormal behaviour ( reasons/developments, problems, consequences, medication)

+ biologcal factors, 
+ genetic (unlearned/ inherited socities)

+ Cognitive emotional behaviour , 

  { ( deficit in cognitive processes- usual thoughts/beliefs)
    def. in processing stimuli(under/overavting to  emotional situation)
    environ. challenge(stress)
  }

Neuro diversity: differnent nature of percieving world
Autism, ADHD, 
(Claim: its not a disability , disorder?

ASperger
anhedonism

Def abnormal behaviour
statistical frequency behaviour 
  rarely or infrequently WRT to general population
  social norm deviation 

social norm approach
  deviational behaviour from accepted social standards, values or norms.
  
  
march/christms depression


Assessing M.D. :
+ Pyschological tests
  *personality tests 
    objective tests(self report questionnare), MMPI
    projective tests- Rorschah inkblot























